README.md, before:

# App Development with Swift Resources

This repo contains the Swift Playground labs from Apple's [App Development with Swift](https://books.apple.com/us/book/app-development-with-swift/id1465002990) curriculum (the Xcode 10 edition).

You can download these resources and the project files for the other chapters from Apple here: [https://education-static.apple.com/app-dev-swift/v2.7/resources/student.zip](https://education-static.apple.com/app-dev-swift/v2.7/resources/student.zip)

This repo is intended as an aide to the online App Development with Swift courses you'll be attending, as a way of helping you go through the material before our final catch-up.

## HOWTO: Use this Repository

If you are taking the App Development with Swift course, you should fork this repo by tapping on the Fork button above.

![](images/fork.png)


Then, in Terminal.app on your Mac, `cd` into the directory in which you keep your projects, then run `git clone https://github.com/<your username>/AppDevelopmentWithSwiftResources.git`

![](images/git-clone.png)


The repo contains all the labs with Swift Playground exercises from the App Development with Swift curriculum, [available from Books as a free download](https://books.apple.com/us/book/app-development-with-swift/id1465002990).

## HOWTO:  Take the Course

Read through the lessons and follow along wherever possible. At the end of each lesson there is a lab. Complete the associated Swift Playground.

When you've completed all the labs...

Commit message:

Finishing off the readme and pull request steps.

README.md, after:

# App Development with Swift Resources

This repo contains the Swift Playground labs from Apple's [App Development with Swift](https://books.apple.com/us/book/app-development-with-swift/id1465002990) curriculum (the Xcode 10 edition).

You can download these resources and the project files for the other chapters from Apple here: [https://education-static.apple.com/app-dev-swift/v2.7/resources/student.zip](https://education-static.apple.com/app-dev-swift/v2.7/resources/student.zip)

This repo is intended as an aide to the online App Development with Swift courses you'll be attending, as a way of helping you go through the material before our final catch-up.

## HOWTO: Use this Repository

If you are taking the App Development with Swift course, you should fork this repo by tapping on the Fork button above.

![](images/fork.png)


Then, in Terminal.app on your Mac, `cd` into the directory in which you keep your projects, then run `git clone https://github.com/<your username>/AppDevelopmentWithSwiftResources.git`

![](images/git-clone.png)


The repo contains all the labs with Swift Playground exercises from the App Development with Swift curriculum, [available from Books as a free download](https://books.apple.com/us/book/app-development-with-swift/id1465002990).

## HOWTO:  Take the Course

Read through the lessons and follow along wherever possible. At the end of each lesson there is a lab. Complete the associated Swift Playground.

When you've completed all the labs, `git add`, `git commit`, and `git push origin master` your code back up to Github. On the page for your fork of the repo (https://github.com/your username>/AppDevelopmentWithSwiftResources) you'll push the button to create a new pull request:
![](images/new-pull-request-button.png)




Make sure the base repository is `mhanlon/AppDevelopmentWithSwiftResources` and the base is `master`, like so:

![](images/pull-request-base.png)


Create the pull request, and I'll be able to review your changes to the playgrounds and we can discuss your code in the final catch-up.

### Other links
You may also want to take a look at the [AppDevResources repository](https://github.com/mhanlon/AppDevResources). This has some useful pointers that others taking the App Development with Swift class have found useful.

Happy coding!
